# G26 Team meeting 01 - teachingbreak

**Date**: 2024-04-14

**Attendance**: Xinyang Li, Xinlei Wen, Jiangbei Zhang, Changlai Sun, Tashia Tamara

**Scribe**: Tashia Tamara

## Agenda Items

Number|Item
-|-
1|Conceptualize the app
2|Allocate basic tasks to members
3|Discuss conflict resolution protocol

## Meeting Minutes

- Conceptualized the app
- Conducted some research together to find potential datasets to use
- Allocated basic feature tasks to members
- Discussed and agreed upon conflict resolution protocol

## Meeting Outcomes

- App concept: Recipe app (SDG 3: Good Health and Wellbeing)
- Users can search for, view, and like recipes
- Divided team into 2 main subdivisions: Backend (Xinyang Li, Xinlei Wen, Tashia Tamara) and frontend (Jiangbei Zhang, Changlai Sun

- Conflict resolution protocol:
  - Our team is divided into two subdivisions, with 3 people developing backend algorithms and 2 people developing frontend pages.
  - Each subdivision has its own leader.
  - When a conflict arises, the first step will be a brief subdivision meeting to assess the conflict.
  - This brief meeting is to find out the cause of the conflict, determine whether or not it affect the other subdivision's work, and assess the time needed for conflict resolution.
  - If the conflict is difficult to resolve, the leaders of the subdivisions will have a quick discussion to decide whether a team meeting with all group members is necessary.
  - An all-member group meeting will only be held if necessary.
  - Finally, a subdivision/all-member group meeting will be held as appropriate to facilitate clear communication and conflict resolution.
  - The minutes and outcomes of this meeting will be recorded, and decisions or adjustments to task allocation will be made accordingly.

## Action Items

Task| Assigned To |Due Date
-|------------|-
LogIn (Frontend)| Jiangbei Zhang |04-21
LogIn (Frontend)| Changlai Sun |04-21
LogIn (Backend)| Tashia Tamara |04-21
LoadShowData (Frontend)| Jiangbei Zhang |04-21
LoadShowData (Frontend)| Changlai Sun |04-21
LoadShowData (Backend)| Tashia Tamara |04-21
DataFiles | Xinlei Wen |04-21
Search | Xinyang Li |04-21